I think my reading of the new -- of the large deals win is more along the lines that we are continuing to do well with renewals. And then we've got really excellent net new wins in the $3.2 billion. So all of that gets combined with the renewals coming along at regular cycles. Almost every discussion with clients involves some element of generative AI. We've also developed strength across a number of large language models. And then on how to leverage data sets, our focus is very much on large enterprises.
In terms of the client discussions, we have not seen some sort of significant change in one or the other direction from what we were seeing last quarter. So in that sense, we don't have any change that we have sensed at this stage. Nilanjan: We are very confident about the overall margin outlook. Of course, we won't give a number about next year. But really, the multiple number of tracks around value-based selling, around efficient pyramid, around automation and GenAI. I think they are all working well.
On the budgets, we have seen, first, as you -- as we saw our Q3 end of the year quarter, the furloughs were in play. We're seeing that coming into play in the Q1 calendar year, so our Q4. The budget decisions are ongoing. And as you know well, these will go through the early part of this month. But we don't see any change in what we were seeing in terms of behavior from the last quarter. Large deals obviously giving us the foundation, especially the net new and renewal for future revenue. At this stage, we have no specific sort of external view on what will happen in the quarter. But our overall revenue guidance for this financial year, which is only one more quarter gives you a sense of how we are feeling about that.
On the client spending, where clients have signed recently in the last three, six, nine months, that spending is going well, both on cost and other projects. On things that were more in the past, that behavior on the cost has continued, and the incremental projects we have seen even in thepast quarter some impact. "We have a view on what we look at in terms of wins, execution and large deals internally. So we are not in a position to share that externally". "I think at this stage, the outcome is what we have. We've not given any more on that. From an overall Maximus, like I said, there are a lot of tracks which are currently in play. Utilization is one you're seeing, in fact, that's the biggest one, straight up in your metrics. There are other internal, of course, programs on the pyramid. We have a portfolio of contracts in the first, second, third, fourth, fifth years, right? So there are -- while new contracts come in, which are initially potentially at lower margins, at the same time, we have contracts which have been going into a steady state. So that's something which is -- something which we've really fine-tuned and mastered over the few years.
We had good growth in Europe in Q3, weaker in North America outcome. In terms of pipeline, we don't share the pipeline split by geography. We do see our large deals that Nilanjan shared by geography, in good momentum. We don't have like a specific view that we share externally on the US or Europe there. So there -- if you look at our guidance for the remaining -- for the full year, it's for the entire business. As we are involved in larger transformation deals, longer-term transformation deals across the entire IT stack, infra, cyber, application development, data, I think many of these are bundled deals, which have software, hardware elements in it. And in a way, that's also giving us the benefit of taking these larger deals off the table. And at the same time, we are able to manage our margins as well. So, we have no number in mind to say that this is where we target or this optimal level. We still have a lot of headroom, and we've talked about it in fact the last two quarters that our utilizations are still quite low. We've operated at much higher utilization, 84, 85 and enough cost in the COVID years, maybe 87, 88. We also have on-tap demand fulfillment from our fresher model, so we can absorb freshers in very fast.
I think, in fact, we've seen much better pricing stability over the last few years. We are also very conscious with our entire[ph] value-based selling program that we are not leaving any pennies on the table when we are going after deals. So, I think there's a lot of work happening there. We don't give out the duration of the deal wins. So we have, of course, deals which come with longer term period. And some of our -- you could see some of the announcements we have made, but there's nothing specifically whether they. The other benefits which we don't factor in into any of our models, really for instance operating leverage, right, you can see the impact of SG&A benefits on operating margins when we are growing in -- during '21, '22, '23. So that's something from a pure margin perspective which flexes. We don't build in anything into our programs on currency.
"It's definitely more than the fourth quarter. The large deals really give us good confidence of revenue over the next several period in terms of the wins, both for net new and renewals. The comment which was more around subdued, we look at it from a perspective of where we see less activity on digital programs. So, that's the sort of balance in our mind.
There is no reversal. No. I think Finacle business continues to motor ahead, very nice deal wins across. so I think we continue to do well. And, overall platforms is a more generic usage and, I mean, we track it across various. I think Sandeep is just prompting me that we also use it for internal productivity as well, okay, for services. I think we. The comp increase also has happened this quarter. And, of course, in the initial part of the year, we had more lateral movements coming in the top end of the pyramid. So -- but I think in the recent -- if you see the latest quarter, you will see a reversal of that.
The way clients are behaving in terms of spend, we've not seen a change in the way they're looking at it. So, we still see what we were discussing earlier on digital transformation programs being more impacted. There is also more consolidation that we are seeing and that was coming through in the past quarter as well. There are places in some of the large deals where there's need for incremental work, which is also starting to be visible, which will hopefully flow through. So, there we've seen essentially in this last three-month cycle, the deal starting or ramping up being as we'd anticipated.
"We don't see that changing. There, as we had shared previously, it was towards the end of. In the last quarter, so in the last three months, we have not seen those things change in direction. They appear to be stable or similar. So that -- let me sort of try to give color. Q4 outlook is what we've put into. So in Q4 -- I mean, it will work out of Q3 as well and there are puts and takes in Q3. And like we've said, Project Maximus continues to deliver very strongly. And in our overall commentary, we've talked
I think firstly, we won't -- can't split it, but both these are one-time impacts, right, the loss of revenue and the cost impact. So this is going to -- in Q4 as we see it now. "The systems are back substantially by the end of December, right, the system is up and running," he says. "So I think that part goes. "Going to be a one-month impact, absolutely. And every time we do a wage hike, we look at, of course, the competitive scenario," he said. In Q4, we typically see a little bit of that always in our business in Australia. So there, what we saw is the -- my point was on more Q3, we had the furloughs, and
"We don't talk about the variable pay, of course. I think it's the next few -- there be enough news in the papers". "We never
On the captive centers, there, typically, we see that any time there's new sort of technology shifts, whether there was digital or cloud or generative AI, there's definitely more interest in some clients building out captives. Equally, as technologies age, wesee some clients are looking to exit and especially to be more optimized. The decline in headcount really doesn't concern us too much. We have now -- have very strong off-campus program. This is something over the last three or four years, we've perfected post-COVID and that's really on tap.