Our Q3 performance shows our remarkable resilience against the backdrop of macro uncertainty. The demand for our company services remain robust, resulting in strong deal wins and order book. New deal ramp-ups are also going ahead as planned. I'll now invite Samir, Milind, and NGS to go over different aspects of our performance during the quarter.
In the third quarter of FY '24, our revenues were INR60,583 crores. In dollar terms, the revenue were $7.28 billion, a year-on-year growth of 2.9%. And in CC terms the Y-o-Y growth was 1.7%. Let me now go over our financial performance.
Our workforce at the end of the third quarter was 603,305, LTM attrition in IT Service was 13.3%, down 1.6% sequentially, in our comfort range of 11% to 14%. TCS has always been firm on its commitment to the holistic growth and developm
Growth was led by Energy, Resources and Utilities vertical, which grew 11.8%, Manufacturing which grew 7%, Life Sciences & Healthcare grew 3.1%. Our Consumer Business Group grew by minus 0.3%, Banking, Financial Services, Insurance by minus 3.0%, Communications & Media by minus 4.9%, and Technology & Services by minus 5.0%. Among major markets, the United Kingdom led with 8.1% growth. In emerging markets, India led the growth with 23.4%, Middle East and Africa grew by 16%, Latin America grew by 13.2% and Asia Pacific by 3.9%.
Our order book in Q3 continued to be resilient with a TCV of $8.1 billion and a book-to-bill ratio of 1.1. Our trailing 12 month order book grew by a healthy 11.3% year-on-year. The TCV for our BFSI business was $2.6 billion. The order book for our consumer business group was at $1.5 billion.
TCS signed several large deals in the quarter led by vendor consolidation and operating model transformation. Virgin Media and O2, the UK's largest mobile network selected TCS for integrating the two merged entities. Services from 10 different partner landscapes were consolidated into one strategic partner.
CSC Cognix has been delivering superior business outcomes for our clients. It allows enterprises to become more agile, lower their operational cost, and achieve business efficiency across multiple business units. We were selected by a leading American aerospace manufacturer to enhance and standardize their toolchain with the objective of increasing efficiency and speed.
CSC is focusing on digitalization initiatives as customers double down on their focus on strengthening digital code. Customers are seizing the opportunities for business growth and transformation as they present themselves. TCS leveraged AI and cutting-edge technologies to build a robust observability framework solution.
Businesses are investing in modernizing their processes, platforms, warehouses, et cetera. We partnered with a Swiss multinational food and drink processing company to digitally transform its supply chain. TCS implemented an innovative operational planning platform that maximizes automation, optimizes, standardizes -- and standardizes process.
Sustainability is a core priority for organizations aiming to secure a resilient and responsible future and enhance brand reputation. TCS has played a pivotal role in assisting our clients in their sustainability journey. Clients are engaging us to develop innovative technology-led solutions with IoT, AI and advanced analytics.
CS is taking a yearly lead in Gen AI capabilities. We are focused on strengthening our expertise and evolving our capabilities further. We have launched Gen AI offering around industry value chains, SDLC reimagination, responsible AI framework and invested in several centers of excellence innovation labs.
The investment that companies have made or are making in transitioning to cloud have become more meaningful with time. Increasing demand for smart, interconnected devices, real-time insights and innovation will continue to drive the demand for scalable computing resources. The focus now is also on finetuning strategies and optimizing consumption.