We delivered 70 basis points improvement on a back of 110 basis points improved which we had in the previous quarter. We called out we'll look at it on a portfolio basis and what we have delivered is something which we are very happy about.. While there was a lot of investment that happened during the pandemic, during the time of uncertainty, our customers are reevaluating the investments they make. So we are hoping that once that certainty comes in, spending will also return.
We remain committed to our guiding (inaudible), which is the 26% to 28%. And in doing so, we are focused on a disciplined execution and look forward to drive operational excellence. All of it in an environment where growth is sustained will only help accelerate our momentum.. The TCV, we don't look at it as soft. It's in line because the TCV sometimes -- I mean, last quarter, if you take it, it had two large deals, a certain amount, two mega deals, and so it had the lumpiness. So we can -- we will not be able to measure TCV the same we do measure revenue.. Vibhor: Yeah, that
Manufacturing, Energy, Resources and Utilities we've been reporting good growth. Life Sciences and Pharma, despite last quarter being weak has again returned to growth. And we've also been seeing our consumer business has been quite promising and we started seeing some green shoots.. "We have not heard any specific color. And two, also, given the overall uncertainty, we find our clients also very agile, even though they may have some thought in terms of what they want to spend," he said.. I'm requesting NGS to take. This is the first quarter where we have delivered close to about, I would say, 2,000 sites worth of equipments and they are under different stages of installation and commissioning. At the same time, the data centers installations are all progressing as per plan and it will get done over the next, let's say four quarters to six quarters as we originally envisaged.. Our long-term cost structures are aligned for us, for our aspirational band of 26% to 28%. Depending on how the demand environment continues, it could be one of the levers.
I did also give out certain examples in that thing itself. Like for instance, you just take the consumer business is a channel modernization, store modernization. So we talked about number of areas where we find that investment has not kept up pace with the requirement, business demand. Kumar: "Catalyst would be, I would say that when they have the confidence about the stability of the overall macros". Scale advantage is only one thing, Kumar says. The most important advantage is the domain capability, contextual knowledge we bring in each of these. To be successful, you should bring in the value for the customers.
One is subcontractors we have been using to meet the short-term demand-supply mismatch. And it peaked because, one, there were border restrictions. And second, there was the entire supply side challenges which were happening in a higher demand environment. And we have explained that in terms of why those scenarios arose.
The TCV trend in terms of tenor continues to be consistent with what we saw before as well. We don't see any trend, that kind of change, Gaurav.. Pricing environment is stable. Realization is an outcome, you can say it as revenue per FTE, and you could look at it that has been improving. Structurally, on a longer-term basis, the cost structures would be based on these levers and pyramid, et cetera.. The TCV is a lead indicator of more medium- to long-term growth performance. So from that perspective, the last three quarters, it's been a very strong $10 billion almost every quarter. And even this quarter we had an $8 billion. And as we said before, this gives us confidence on the medium-to- long- term growth potential.
I think it's -- I would agree with your view. Adjusting to the large BFSI program that we completed in North America and the furlough impact had across markets, I think B FSI actually did well. The deal closures in BFSi vertical is also quite broad-based across markets.. We are focused on managing our margins at a portfolio level, and that's what we called out. There were a lot of apprehensions last quarter as well in terms of how large deal wins will impact margins.
In this quarter, unbilled revenue is down because we had a focused effort concentrating on that metric. We see a slight impact of that in terms of the DSOs going up by two days because the unbilled revenues caught into invoicing.. Many of our clients in BFSI actually grew or stayed flat, right? There has been a marginal growth in each one of them, and the actual degrowth eventually happened because of two large programs that we completed and furloughs. We believe that will be actually a positive momentum for us in the next quarter.. "We don't
Our Europe over on a sequential basis actually did better this quarter compared to North America. On a log, it's reasonable to expect that Europe will also return to growth in the medium- to long-term. And we are, like we mentioned before, we are hoping there is a growth that returns in North America as well.. "The proportion between discretionary and nondiscretionary that existed in last quarter or last couple of quarters, we see that has not tilted or changed significantly," he said
I think overall BFSI, I would say that it's a large portfolio that we have across banking, capital markets, and insurance and products and platforms. Because of the nature of this whole thing, now let's say banking does well sometimes capital markets kind of evens it out and then insurance has been doing well for us in the last several quarters. So I believe that when all of them fire, then you will see a very distinctively huge growth. But the nature is such that that looks one or the other goes for a flat or a negative growth.. Non-CIO revenue across the verticals I think you see some growth, especially if you look at the revenue on the CMO side or COO side, they are improving. And -- but then as they adopt cloud and Generative AI kind of technologies, I think what is really kicking off is the digital marketing right now.. "Let's hope that this year, August well for it to give us more color on all of this,"