The market has not fundamentally changed in the last weeks. What we are seeing is a certain form of stabilization and in some ways some pickup in discretionary spend. One element of measure of this improvement is coming from the performance of our consulting business and in particular of our Capco business.
Girish: In good and bad times, Capco is a key strategic part of our organization. There has been a period where Capco has grown very rapidly and was driving growth for the entire organization. And today we are seeing Capco showing signs of bounce back.. The growth is broad-based, right? It's not like there's been a one-account bump or anything. Consulting should lead to -- it's not always easy to track, but you can expect easily 5x to 6x the consulting business. That's what we are seeing with a lot of the projects we sign.
Sudheer: "This is the nature of our guidance, to give a bracket so that they are -because the reality is that we are still in a market where there's things are happening and up and down". Sudheer: Lower end of our guidance equal the top end of the guidance of the previous quarter. So it shows a
If we look at our performance on bookings, therefore, our ability to close deals in the market, it continues to be rather good. What was hurting our growth was the discretionary spend, so, typically, the smaller type of projects. In this context, that's why you've seen that, indeed, we've not been able to show growth over the last quarters. But that's where we are seeing a little bit of inversion of the trend, for sure.. I'll reflect a little bit on your question and then I'll ask Aparna to build on or to check this point more specifically. What I would say is that, for sure, it was important to us to show that through our actions around efficiency, productivity, automation, process improvements. The objective was to build a certain level of resilience of our margin profile.
ENU is actually a reasonably good market. It's a place where you know there's significant investment. Manufacturing, you said it, it's been mixed over the last few quarters. But there is particularly, for example, if I look at automotive it is an area where there is significant investments.. Wipro is investing in the Energy and Utilities, as well as in the manufacturing sectors. We are working with large clients and will continue to do so.
We have enough talent pool available. And for certain specific skills which we require, we'll continue to hire. As demand picks up for the quarters, we will definitely look at hiring in, in more bigger numbers.. "The majority is net new. The net new versus renewal, so we are not communicating this information," he said.