Our IT services revenue for the quarter is at the top end of the guidance. We've continued to book deals at a healthy pace, although Q3 is typically a shorter quarter due to the year-end holidays. Order booking, total contract value terms, stand at $3.8 billion.
On operating margin, we stood at 16% despite, I would say, seasonal furloughs and the annual salary increases for our employees. On a year-todate basis, our margin have actually improved by more than 60 basis points. We're leveraging the depths and the breadths of expertise and diversity inside Wipro.
In Europe, we won four large deals in the third quarter despite the continuing economic weakness. In APMEA, revenues declined 5.4% quarter-on-quarter. However, the strategy of pivoting towards higher-value business reflects in the margins we delivered in the region. Margins rose 240 basis points sequentially to 13.8% this quarter.
We continue to invest in areas that we know are going to remain, I would say, fundamental for our long-term success. People, our most valuable assets. We awarded our colleagues their performance-based annual salary increases recently, as you know. The promotion cycle just closed and we'll be making the announcement soon.
We have now 200,000 -- 210,000 Wiproites have been trained on AI 101 skills. We are accelerating GenAI adoption internally as well by integrating the technology across our entire portfolio of platform. This is resulting in quality and productivity improvements across HR, marketing, sales, operations, finance, as well as software development.
Wipro's top priority is to deliver best-in-class solutions for our clients. Low-margin businesses are being reduced steadily through a multi-pronged action plan. We are heading towards more and more AI-based automation internally, resulting in more productivity and better efficiency.
Our revenue is at the top end of the guidance range. In constant currency terms, revenue declined 1.7% sequentially. Our net income for the quarter is at INR26.9 billion, which is an increase of 1.8% quarter-on-quarter. Despite a weak demand environment, our EPS has improved by 2.2%.