Q: Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on the strong deal wins. So I think, first off, Salil, anything that you have seen versus the previous quarter in terms of client behavior that would sort of suggest green shoots on the discretionary side or do you think that will continue to be under pressure for some time? The second question is for Nilanjan. It appears that we'll exit the year with margins lower than last year. Do you still believe that margins could be better next year versus the current one? We had sort of highlighted that as sort of an aspiration at the beginning of the year. So just wanted your thoughts on how one should think of that at this point in time? Thank you.
A: Thanks. Hi, this is Salil. In terms of the client discussions, we have not seen some sort of significant change in one or the other direction from what we were seeing last quarter. So some of the digital transformation work or some of that type of programs are where clients are not putting focus or attention. Whereas the cost and the efficiency and now even consolidation, we are seeing more and more of that, which is what we were seeing last quarter as well. So in that sense, we don't have any change that we have sensed at this stage.
A: So, Nitin, on the margin question, I think you've seen this quarter as well, the underlying margins, excluding the one-offs are quite resilient. And we've talked about now Project Maximus, this is nearly the third quarter. And there is a lot of work has been going on, and we are seeing the benefits of that, and you can see that in our commentary as well, and we are very confident about the overall margin outlook. Of course, we won't give a number about next year. But really, the multiple number of tracks around value-based selling, around efficient pyramid, around automation and GenAI. I think they are all working well. So, I think that gives us good optimism over the medium term in terms of our margin structure.
Q: Perfect. Thank you so much, and all the best.