Q: Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first question was --
Q: Sure. Is this better?
Q: Thank you. So, my first question was around the new deal wins, which has been pretty strong at $2.3 billion. It's among the highest we have seen in the recent quarters. However, that also implies the renewals have been weaker in the recent quarters. We have seen renewals to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $2 billion. In this quarter, it was less than $1 billion. And that could also be the reason for the slowdown in the second half, which you are expecting. We can understand that the new deal wins would be lumpy and difficult to predict, but you would have a timeline on the renewals when they would be happening and what is the probability that you could see winning them back. So, how do you see the next quarter or so panning out from the renewal perspective? Any visibility on that side?
A: Hi, this is Salil. Thanks for that question. I think my reading of the new -- of the large deals win is more along the lines that we are continuing to do well with renewals. And then we've got really excellent net new wins in the $3.2 billion. As we have discussed at other times, the large deals by themselves, the numbers vary quarter on quarter. As you know, last quarter was also extremely large number. Having said that, we have on the renewals a clear sight to what's coming up. We're also benefiting in many of these areas from consolidations, which Nilanjan referenced. And also, where we are seeing, our clients are seeing opportunities for cost and efficiency. So all of that gets combined with the renewals coming along at regular cycles.
Q: Got it. Thanks for that. And my second question was around GenAI. So you have talked about 100,000 new employees being trained on GenAI. But can you quantify or share some insights on the client engagement side? Anything that you can quantify, number of projects that we are working or the amount of deals that we are winning, anything that we can start tracking on that side?
A: So there, we are not at this stage sharing externally any views on revenues or projects and so on. What is -- to give you color, what is happening today is, almost every discussion with clients involves some element of generative AI. And what we have now developed through Topaz is a set of areas whether it's benefit cases, use cases, scenarios where there's impact, where we're working across a large number of clients on those in different scales, where there are some which are more pilots, some which are programs and that's the three examples that I shared. We've also developed strength across a number of large language models where we've trained our teams. And then on how to leverage data sets, our focus is very much on large enterprises who are our clients and the data sets within those enterprises, depending on the usage of where that large language model is to be applied. And we have a very strong business in data and analytics, which becomes the foundation for this generative AI work. And then we are working to make sure that the benefits are felt across all of our service offerings. So, we can start to see in new discussions with clients productivity benefits, which are downstream coming from this generative AI. So at this stage, while we are not externally quantifying all of the elements I referenced, that's the sort of color we are seeing across a large number of discussions.
Q: Thanks for that, Salil.