Q: Yeah. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, wanted to ask around the one-time loss what you had around McCamish. Are you expecting it to reverse back in Q4 and included in your guidance or will it reverse sometime in FY '25?
A: No, this is one time. There is no reversal.
Q: Got it. And secondly, wanted to check around your platform business. I mean, we have seen for the last two years, there's absolutely been no growth in that particular business. But although we keep seeing deal wins around your Finacle platform with various regional banks in the Middle East geography and other regional banks in North America as well. So, can you share any plans to grow that part of the piece where we have seen the other SaaS companies globally have actually seen lot of traction post the GenAI offerings and their solutions?
A: Yeah, so I think we continue to do well. I think Finacle business continues to motor ahead, very nice deal wins across. And, overall platforms is a more generic usage and, I mean, we track it across various things. But Finacle actually overall has been doing very well.
Q: So, any reasons for the platform business to be flat over the last two years?
A: I think we can get back to you on that.
Q: Okay, that's all I had. Thank you.
A: Okay. I think Sandeep is just prompting me that we also use it for internal productivity as well, okay, for services. Okay.
Q: Got it. Thank you.
Q: Yeah, hi. Just one quick question. The employees -- number of employees are down 7% year-on-year, but the total wage bill is up around 1% or 2%, which means that the wage bill per head is up around 9%, 10% year-on-year. So, I would have assumed that the pyramid would have kicked in, in a slower growth last few quarters. So, any particular reason why the wage bill per head has gone up so much? Thanks.
A: Sorry, I think what I'm saying is that the comp increase also has happened this quarter. And, of course, in the initial part of the year, we had more lateral movements coming in the top end of the pyramid. So -- but I think in the recent -- if you see the latest quarter, you will see a reversal of that. I think, the employee costs have come down I think in this quarter as well. So, I think you will see that trend reversing.
Q: Great, thanks. Thanks, Nilanjan and all the best for your future endeavors.
A: Thank you.