Q: Hey, thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on strong bookings for the quarter. First question, any color on the ongoing budget cycle for calendar '24? Do you think budgets will be on time? Do you think budgets will be delayed? Any color there on that one?
A: Thanks, Moshe. This is Salil. On the budgets, we have seen, first, as you -- as we saw our Q3 end of the year quarter, the furloughs were in play. We're seeing that coming into play in the Q1 calendar year, so our Q4. The budget decisions are ongoing. And as you know well, these will go through the early part of this month, so nothing from that. But we don't see any change in what we were seeing in terms of behavior from the last quarter where budgets would suddenly have a different direction. So, at this stage, looks like it's similar to what we were seeing, but everything is not yet closed out from our discussions on the budgets.
Q: Understood. And then looking at the deal flow, the large deal flow that went through calendar '23, there are some concerns that they're not converting; some of these are not converting on a timely basis. Has that changed in any way in terms of conversion, some of these deals? And when we could start seeing that inflection point in revenue growth because of those deals converting? Thanks a lot.
A: On that, the way we see the revenue flowing -- again, as you remember, the large deals obviously giving us the foundation, especially the net new and renewal for future revenue. And at the same time, we're also seeing impact where the digital programs are not moving or digital programs sometimes are being stopped. So, that combination is what gives that revenue outcome. At this stage, we have no specific sort of external view on what will happen in the quarter, but our overall revenue guidance for this financial year, which is only one more quarter gives you a sense of how we are feeling about that. We will see, because a lot of the large deals as they start to build up and when sort of the digital capabilities start to have a more sort of interest with clients, we will start to see that change, I'm sure.
Q: Thanks, Salil.