Q: Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the opportunity. Most of the questions have been answered. Just wanted to understand the 60 bps impact on cybersecurity, is it possible to break down in terms of revenue and cost? And is it fair to assume the impact which could have been there because of the cost will actually no longer be there, it would be a tailwind in the fourth quarter?
A: Yeah. I think firstly, we won't -- can't split it, but both these are one-time impacts, right, the loss of revenue and the cost impact. So this was like the puts and takes. So this is going to -- in Q4 as we see it now, that's not going to be there.
Q: Okay. So even the revenue will come back in the fourth quarter, right?
A: Yeah. So I think in the statement, you have seen that the systems are back substantially by the end of December, right, the system is up and running. So I think that part goes away.
Q: Okay. And Nilanjan, for two months of wage hike, 60 bps to 70 bps wage impact looks slightly lower. So, is it the almost 100% of the eligible employees have been covered? And is it fair to assume the wage impact would be much lower in the fourth quarter because it would be one-month impact?
A: Going to be a one-month impact, absolutely. And every time we do a wage hike, we look at, of course, the competitive scenario, we look at the market, attrition, employees tenure, what are the pay point grids. So it's a very complex exercise. And based on this, we think what we have rolled out, and of course, you can see the attrition figures are also good.
Q: Okay. Okay. And last question, Salil, I think one of the responses, you said the furloughs in the December quarter may continue in the March quarter. Is it -- I have heard correctly or I have been mistaken.
A: So there, what we saw is the -- my point was on more Q3, we had the furloughs, and that is a seasonal impact. In Q4, we typically see a little bit of that always in our business in Australia, and that's really the reference I was making.
Q: Okay. Okay. Thanks and all the best, and all the best, Nilanjan.
A: Thank you.