Q: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question is, with respect to the mega deal signed in 2Q, the transition period was expected to be little longer and some of them were supposed to come into revenues in the fourth quarter itself. So is the expectation remaining similar on that or has anything changed with respect to the transition period and flow through of the revenue?
A: There, as we had shared previously, it was towards the end of the year and that's where we are. So we don't see that changing.
Q: Got it. Second question is, with respect to the underlying sort of leakage in the business on small deals discretionary spend that has been continuing now for some time, how do you characterize your 3Q versus, let's say, 1Q and 2Q, has the leakage remained largely similar or has that kind of come down compared to the base that it was kind of leaking in the first two quarters.
A: So that -- let me sort of try to give color in the way we look at it. In the last quarter, so in the last three months, we have not seen those things change in direction. They appear to be stable or similar.
Q: And is that a similar thing built in your outlook for the fourth quarter as well when you tightened your guided band?
A: At this stage, that's what we've put into the Q4 outlook. Yeah.
Q: Got it. Last question is on the margins. Given that you will have some bit of more headwind in fourth quarter because there will be a full three-month impact of the wages that you have provided for in this quarter, your margins probably will have some more headwinds plus your implied guidance points to sort of again weak revenue trajectory in the fourth quarter also. So, no major massive operating leverage per se. It's just that you're exiting the year with margins closer to the lower end of the guide. Is that the bottom for the margins and given the Project Maximus is underway, from here on the margin should only be going in the upward direction, is that the way to look for it? I'm not specifically looking for fiscal '25, but just trying to understand is that the bottom for the margin. Thank you.
A: Yeah. So in Q4 -- I mean, it will work out of Q3 as well and there are puts and takes in Q3. And like we've said, Project Maximus continues to deliver very strongly. And in our overall commentary, we've talked about the optimism in the medium term for our margins coming out of Maximus.
Q: Thank you.