Q: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of questions, if I could. First, on pricing, you mentioned specific segment of pricing, but I wanted to ask about; A, pricing on renewals. Are you seeing pricing pressure that's different from past cycles at the time of renewals? And then also you have good deal signings for large deals. I wanted to talk -- if you could address pricing for those large deals and how that might be impacting your margins? And then I have a follow-up, please.
A: Yeah. So I think, in fact, we've seen much better pricing stability over the last few years. And in fact, we are also very conscious with our entire[ph] value-based selling program that we are not leaving any pennies on the table when we are going after deals. Because in the hubris, we want to make sure that we are not leaving a lot of dollars on the table. So, I think there's a lot of work happening there. But overall from a competitive positioning, pricing really has been stable across and I think that's reflected of the cost pressure that people are also conscious of their margins and where they are. So, in that sense, there's no more concern. We, of course, have the one-offs, et cetera, of specific clients, specific segments where they are in trouble and, of course, they may want to rebate some of that. But overall, it's not been something which is really concerning us in that sense today.
Q: Okay. And my follow-up relates to duration. This was asked a little bit differently earlier in the call, but as you're getting good signings of large deals, is the duration of those large deals extending so that investors should be thinking about the bookto-bill being a bit longer?
A: So, we don't give out the duration of the deal wins. So we have, of course, deals which come with longer term period. And some of our -- you could see some of the announcements we have made, but there's nothing specifically whether they are going up across. We don't comment on that.
Q: Okay. Well, then maybe I could sneak in one more. As you just look out over the next couple of quarters, if you could just help us -- I'm not asking for guidance, but just the puts and takes on margins that we should be thinking about? You've already said that utilization perhaps is a source of -- at least I heard it is potential margin upside as utilization goes up. I would think that wage pressures would be less going forward, but not sure how mix fits into that. But anything you just want to highlight beyond the March quarter, but just the puts and takes that we should at least be considering as we're creating our margin profile over the next, call it, four or five quarters?
A: Yeah. So, I think one of the earlier questions was on this and probably I talked about Project Maximus as well. I mean, the other benefits which we don't factor in into any of our models, really for instance operating leverage, right, you can see the impact of SG&A benefits on operating margins when we are growing in -- during '21, '22, '23. So that's something which automatically flows into the P&L with growth, right, and in a way it gets reversed, the operating leverage works against you when revenues are down. So that's something from a pure margin perspective which flexes. Secondly, I think similarly on the currency, we don't build in anything into our programs and that also comes in future as well, but it's not part of Maximus. Of course, there are things out there, how -- what expectations of dollar movements are. So, these are some things more extraneous as well which can impact, but we are more confident of what we are able to control within the 20 tracks of Maximus and we've talked about that.
Q: Okay. All right, thank you.