Q - Sudheer Guntupalli {BIO 23331060 <GO>} Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on good execution. First question is to Samir. In general, companies start cost actions with a bit of lag from the point of demand deterioration and there will be a further lag for those actions to translate into margin expansion. Also, attrition and supply tightness in the market cooled off significantly from where it was 12 months to 15 months ago. So if we see these two facts in conjunction, Samir, is it fair to say that the margin improvement cycle has just started and it has more legs to go despite headwinds from some of the large deal ramp-ups?
A - Samir Seksaria {BIO 21990312 <GO>} If we -- Sudheer, if we look at last quarter's questions to us were on similar lens, with large deals ramping up, will margins be impacted? We called out we'll look at it on a portfolio basis and what we have delivered is something which we are very happy about. We delivered 70 basis points improvement on a back of 110 basis points improvement which we had in the previous quarter.
Q - Sudheer Guntupalli {BIO 23331060 <GO>} Sure, Samir. And my second question is to Krithi on the recovery leg. Historically, the sector had not seen more than three to four consecutive bad quarters as long as the tightening of client spends was led by just weak macro and the underlying technology cycle remaining supportive, maybe because of the base effect or quasicyclical nature of the industry. So going by this heuristic, Krithi, do you think it's fair to expect a good recovery going ahead, even as second-guessing some of these variables, like interest rates, et cetera, is difficult? Or is there a reason for you to believe that the current spending tightness might also be a function of excess investments in technology that happened during COVID and hence the tightness may continue for some more time? Something like what we had seen in the aftermath of the dot-com period.
A - K. Krithivasan {BIO 21549276 <GO>} Sudheer, I am -- we have not observed that particular heuristic. Maybe it's something that makes us also feel optimistic. But the way we look at it is while there was a lot of investment that happened during the pandemic, during the time of uncertainty, our customers are reevaluating the investments they make. And wherever it's required, they are passing those investments where they think it's yielding this and they are continuing with that. Having said that, we also believe that even though they might have made a lot of investment, many organizations still are laden with lot of technology debt. And once there is a certainty, they will start spending to reduce this technology debt. So we are hoping that once that certainty comes in, spending will also return. But I won't be able to predict based on, okay, it's never been more than three quarters or four quarters. That would be not the heuristic that we have observed or something that we want to go by.
Q - Sudheer Guntupalli {BIO 23331060 <GO>} Okay, Krithi. Thank you so much. That's it from my side.