Presentation 
Thank you for joining us today to discuss TCS' Financial Results for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2024 that ended December 31, 2023. The financial statement, quarterly fact sheet, and press releases are also available on our website. Our leadership team is present on this call to discuss our results. We have with us today Mr. K. Krithivasan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director.

As you are aware, we don't provide specific revenue or earnings guidance. And anything said on this call reflects our outlook for the future, or which could be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. We have outlined these risks in the second slide of the quarterly fact sheet available on our website and emailed out to those who have subscribed on our mailing list. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Krithi. 

Our Q3 performance shows our remarkable resilience against the backdrop of macro uncertainty. The demand for our company services remain robust, resulting in strong deal wins and order book. Our deal pipeline remains solid, and deal conversions have been timely. New deal ramp-ups are also going ahead as planned. Speaking about the headline numbers for the quarter, in Q3, our revenues grew 4.0% in rupee terms, 1.7% in constant currency terms and 2.9% in dollar terms. Our operating margin was at 25% and net margin was at 19.4%. Our ability to maximize market opportunities is evident in our strong TCV of $8.1 billion and a book-to-build ratio of one is to 1:1 -- 1.1, sorry. We are seeing solid deal momentum across markets resulting in strong double-digit growth in our last 12 months TCV, which is a reflection of our deepening partnership with (inaudible). During the quarter, we started to deliver BSNL 4G, 5G network-related equipments and -- equipment and services, a project of national importance. We are executing this project as a system integrator partnering with other OEMs. The transformational nature of this project and the solutions delivered are enhancing TCS' reputation of being a critical partner to BSNL and the Atmanirbhar vision of the Government of India. I'll now invite Samir, Milind, and NGS to go over different aspects of our performance during the quarter. I'll step in later to provide more color on the demand trends we are seeing.

In the third quarter of FY '24, our revenues were INR60,583 crores, which is a year-onyear growth of 4%. In dollar terms, the revenue were $7.28 billion, a year-on-year growth of 2.9%. And in CC terms the Y-o-Y growth was 1.7%. Let me now go over our financial performance. Our operating margin is at 25%, a sequential expansion of 75 basis points, comprising 80 basis points headwind on account of seasonal furloughs and higher third-party expenses, offset by 60 basis points improvement on account of efficiency improvements through productivity and realization, and a further 70 basis points improvement from subcontractor -reduction in subcontractor expenses. Currency gains accounted for the remaining 25 bps. Net income margin in Q3 was 19.4%. Our EPS grew 8.4% on a year-on-year basis. Effective tax rate stayed unchanged at 25.8%. Our accounts receivable increased by two days sequentially at 65 -- at 67 days, sales outstanding in dollar terms. Net cash from operations was INR112.76 billion, which is a cash conversion of 102%. Free cash flows were INR103.52 billion, and invested funds at the end of the period stood at INR457.31 billion. The Board has recommended an interim dividend of INR27 per share, including a special dividend of INR18 per share. The company successfully completed its fifth buyback during the quarter. Shareholder payouts year-till-date were at INR46,223 crores between the buybacks, dividends, and taxes, including the recommended dividend for the quarter. Please note that in Q3 we recorded $125 million towards settlement of legal claim as an extraordinary item for the third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023. All the above comparisons and commentary in this management call will exclude this extraordinary adjustment.

Our workforce at the end of the third quarter was 603,305, LTM attrition in IT Service was 13.3%, down 1.6% sequentially, in our comfort range of 11% to 14%. TCS has always been firm on its commitment to the holistic growth and development of its employees and invest in organic talent development to build newer capabilities. We have commenced fresher hiring from campuses and continue to recalibrate our laterals hiring, focusing more on utilizing the capacity that we already built in the prior years. Our business imperative remains nurturing and developing human capital and enhanced focus on reskilling and upskilling of our (Technical Difficulty). We have accelerated the rate of learning in the organization as we gear up to fulfill the opportunities on the horizon. YTD TCS have logged 39.7 million learning hours and acquired 3.7 million competencies, including over 515,000 high-demand competencies. Our workforce continues to be very diverse with 153 nationalities with women making 35.7% of its base. Over to you, NGS for some color on segments and products and platforms.

Let me walk you through our segmental performance. As a reminder, all growth numbers are in year-on-year constant currency terms. Growth was led by Energy, Resources and Utilities vertical, which grew 11.8%, Manufacturing which grew 7%, Life Sciences & Healthcare grew 3.1%. Our Consumer Business Group grew by minus 0.3%, Banking, Financial Services, Insurance by minus 3.0%, Communications & Media by minus 4.9%, and Technology & Services by minus 5.0%. Among major markets, the United Kingdom led with 8.1% growth, Continental Europe grew by 0.5%, North America by minus 3.0%. In emerging markets, India led the growth with 23.4%, Middle East and Africa grew by 16%, Latin America grew by 13.2% and Asia Pacific by 3.9%. Let me move on to our products and platforms. Our industry-leading portfolio of products and platforms saw good traction during the quarter. ignio, our cognitive automation software suite, saw 27 new deal wins, and six go-lives. TCS BaNCS, our flagship product for financial services had six new wins, and three go-lives during the quarter. ASX, Australia's premium [ph] securities exchange selected TCS to provide the nextgeneration clearing and settlement platform to service the Australian market. TCS BaNCS market infrastructure will enable transformation replacing ASX's existing platform for cash equities clearing and settlement. A top Japanese bank providing custody and fund accounting services to some of the largest investment managers, insurance companies and pension funds has awarded a contract to TCS for its bank solution to offer the best-in-class asset servicing solution on the cloud. TCS BaNCS insurance platform continues to see strong growth in Q3 with four go-lives during the quarter. The Quartz blockchain platform had one win and one go-live during the quarter. In Life Sciences, our TCS advanced drug development platform had one new win and two go-lives this quarter. The US-based global pharma company has chosen TCS ADD regulatory platform for transforming health authority submissions, and responses using historic data. The solution will help with planning at a milestonetask-component level and will include features such as automated alerts and notifications, a rich and easy-to-use reporting dashboard, and visualization. TCS HOBS, our suite of products for communication service providers, had one new win and two go-lives during the quarter. TCS iON, our platform for digital assessment, examination administration, and learning had 32 new wins. Platform administered assessments for 14.5 million candidates, 160% higher year-on-year, led by growing adoption of regional languages in the examinations. Skilling and job creation is high on the agenda of India's State and Central governments, driving growth in our assessment business. TCS TwinX, our digital twin solution had four wins and three go-lives. We were engaged by a major North American package delivery company to construct their delivery network twin to analyze parcel delivery operations for their North American customers. As part of this engagement, TCS' TwinX enabling a twin of twins to map their existing parcel volumes and flows across their existing network of hubs, run experiments on change in parcel volumes across these routes, and drive optimization of current systems and processes for efficient future planning. MasterCraft and Jile won 35 new clients in Q3. Client metrics, we continue to systematically invest in research, innovation, and intellectual property, and ideating on new emerging technology trends to address our client's evolving needs. Following a similar approach, we have worked extensively on building our capabilities in Gen AI and we are confident of helping our clients to take advantage of the benefits of Gen AI. Krithi will talk more about this in his commentary. As a proof point of the success of our ongoing investments over the years, we have been able to consistently increase the number of key clients and migrate them into higher revenue bands. In Q3, we added two more clients year-on-year in the $100 million band, bringing the total to 61. Seven more clients in the $50 million band, bringing the total to 137. Nine more clients in the $20 million band, bringing the total to 299. 24 more clients in the $10 million band, bringing the total to 480. 35 more clients in the $5 million band, bringing the total to 693, and 71 more clients in the $1 million plus band, bringing the total to 1,288. 

As we reflect on the last quarter, enterprise adaptability and resilience continued to be high priority in the light of macro uncertainties and geopolitical volatility. This is driving our clients to prioritize business-critical projects where return on investment realization is immediate. We are closely partnering with our clients and leveraging our contextual knowledge to proactively identify solutions to business problems in these challenging times. This is in turn driving good deal momentum for us. Most enterprises at the time of the pandemic invested in digital capabilities to address changing customer behaviors. In the face of macroeconomic uncertainties around fear of recession and continued high inflation, many businesses are being cautious about further investments creating a pent-up demand. This pent-up demand is important for long-term strategic growth for our customers, and we are optimistic that our customers will scale up these initiatives once they gain the comfort that the macro risks are receding. This is not about simply recovering previous volumes, but building strategic capabilities in a changing market landscape. There are several strategic themes across industries where we know customers will scale their investments. For instance, in the consumer business, some such transformation areas include point of sale, channels, future stores, insights and recommendations driven by AI, supply chain, loyalty, sustainability, forecasting, hyper-personalization, health and wellness, one order, travel retailing, intelligent operations, and transport control towers. Order book, our order book in Q3 continued to be resilient with a TCV of $8.1 billion and a book-to-bill ratio of 1.1. Our trailing 12 month order book grew by a healthy 11.3% year-on-year. The TCV for our BFSI business was $2.6 billion. The order book for our consumer business group was at $1.5 billion. The TCV of deals signed in North America stood at $4.2 billion. Moving to a demand commentary, operating model transformation focused on improving efficiencies, digitalization, customer and employee experience transformation, sustainability, cloud, cyber resilience, and AI, Gen AI continue to be key themes driving demand for our services. We signed several large deals in the quarter led by vendor consolidation and operating model transformation. On vendor consolidation, Virgin Media and O2, the UK's largest mobile network selected TCS for integrating the two merged entities and deliver a unified employee experience across five towers. Services from 10 different partner landscapes were consolidated into one strategic partner in TCS. VM O2 trusted and selected TCS to deliver their objective of futuristic digital workplace services to delight their end users. TCS will leverage its contextual knowledge machine first delivery model and future-ready talent pool to help VM O2 to enhance its digital capacity while delivering a globally best-in-class experience for their users. Moving on to operating model transformation. Our contextual knowledge has been instrumental in reimagining the client operation and the AI-powered TCS Cognix has been delivering superior business outcomes for our clients. Our integrated offering in receiving good traction -- is receiving good traction from clients as it takes ownership for the entire stack of client operations along with the underlying application, data estate, and IT infrastructure layer. It allows enterprises to become more agile, lower their operational cost, and achieve business efficiency across multiple business units. We were selected by a leading American aerospace manufacturer to enhance and standardize their toolchain with the objective of increasing efficiency and speed, simplifying operations, reducing cost and advancing digital transformation. The client is partnering with TCS to not only achieve system stability, but also lay the framework for the future of IT, which is key to ensuring success in its business operations. Moving on to growth and transformation, our customers are seizing the opportunities for business growth and transformation as they present themselves. Digitalization initiatives are continuing pace as our customers double down on their focus on strengthening digital code. TCS collaborated with a global fashion retailer to build a real-time data-driven sales visualizer. TCS leveraged AI and cutting-edge technologies to build a robust observability framework solution that processes data from multiple IT systems to generate insights and identify potential problem areas. 100% transparency on sales forecasts and real-time omnichannel sales performance enabled through our solution is helping the client with prevention and faster resolution of issues, agility in fine-tuning of strategies for promotions in underperforming segments -- of underperforming segments, regions, markets, and products. Customer and employee experience has been another area of focus. With changing consumer behavior and expectation, customer experience continues to remain a key priority for clients and we have multiple deals and productive pursuits across industries. Another trend that we are seeing is CHROs doubling down on employee experience to improve employee engagement and productivity to create a future-ready workforce. We helped a leading North American retail company bring to life their innovative concept of presenting exclusive offers to their customers. The concept was designed to attract customers looking for promotional deals, high profile and limited edition exclusive offers, and to smoothen the discovery experience during shopping. TCS leveraged its contextual knowledge to develop this product feature that presents an engaging and exciting interface for customers and builds an exclusive appeal. The initiative has helped attract new customers, increase the mobile app downloads, frequency of interactions and improved customer engagement. We won a first-of-its-kind deal with a tech company to sustainably enhance the employability of employees and contractors. The solution leverages our deep domain expertise and proprietary platform iON. Our integrated offering learning-ina-box is a cloud-based learning platform that includes best-in-class subscriptionbased learning content coupled with 100-plus curated practices. The platform which can be accessed anytime, any place, and on any device, enables engagement, motivation, and impact-oriented learning. We were selected by a leading American aerospace manufacturer to transform their end-to-end talent acquisition process. TCS will leverage its AI-led machine-first operating model, process transformation framework, domain expertise and agile methodology to enhance talent quality, optimize time to hire, and improve overall onboarding experience. Moving on to supply chain transformations. The global supply chain is rapidly evolving, trying to keep up with a dynamically changing environment and evolving technological advancements. Businesses are investing in modernizing their processes, platforms, warehouses, et cetera, to drive better efficiency, improve agility in adapting to market shift, and improve their bottom line. We partnered with a Swiss multinational food and drink processing company to digitally transform its supply chain. TCS implemented an innovative operational planning platform that maximizes automation, optimizes, standardizes -- and standardizes process and increases visibility. This will improve our client's ability to sense and react to their everchanging environment and on time and in full deliveries, a key to customer satisfaction. A leading UK supermarket chain also partnered with TCS to enhance its supply chain efficiency, improve logistics forecast accuracy and availability, improve collaboration with suppliers and transparency while reducing operating cost. The solution resulted in significant reduction of waste and markdown improvement and lead time, and increased stock record accuracy and annualized reduction of stock through automated ordering. Now moving on to sustainability, we are seeing that sustainability is a core priority for organizations aiming to secure a resilient and responsible future and enhance brand reputation. I'll now share a few examples of how we have played a pivotal role in assisting our clients in their sustainability journey. Clients are engaging us to develop innovative technology-led solutions with IoT, AI and advanced analytics to reduce energy and resource consumption, to measure and track greenhouse gas emission across their end-to-end supply chain, reduce their carbon footprint, reduce waste, promote recycling, and report on their sustainability initiatives. Based on our deep contextual knowledge, the team proactively proposed a solution to reduce wasted inventory of high-cost drugs for a leading Canadian food and pharmacy retailer. The automated inventory management has been a big contributor to our client sustainability efforts in reducing the environmental impact of medical waste, improved operational efficiency, and reduced over 90% of the financial loss on account of wasted inventory. We have also partnered with Metcash, one of Australia's largest wholesale distribution and marketing company to support the sustainability reporting. By leveraging a global team of experts specialized in sustainability, sustainability tools and GRA standards, TCS provided a deep understanding of materiality assessments, disclosures and in-depth benchmarking across industry peers. A leading UK retailer also partnered with us as a strategic partner in the Digital Product Passport initiative. TCS will leverage its deep fashion domain expertise, its investments in sustainability research, contextual knowledge and advisory capabilities to design and implement unique identifiers linked to products. This will help the retailer maintain its lead in sustainable fashion, adhere to emerging countryspecific legislation across the EU, and enable sustainable choices. Now moving on to Generative AI, a disruptive technology -- which is a disruptive technology that has potential to enhance efficiency and drive significant value, is generating tremendous interest among our clients. We are taking a yearly lead in Gen AI capabilities. We are focused on strengthening our expertise and evolving our capabilities further. Let me give you a few examples of what we are doing. We have launched Gen AI offering around industry value chains, SDLC reimagination, responsible AI framework and invested in several centers of excellence innovation labs to develop accelerators, frameworks, and assets. We launched a new Cyber Insights platform which focuses on AI-powered threat detection. It is enhanced with machine learning models to help continuously monitor anomalies, predict potential issues well in advance, and help clients to be proactive in addressing increasing threats. Our products and platform are also being enhanced with differentiating capabilities leveraging Gen AI. We have built a copilot for TCS Optumera, our AI-powered retail strategic intelligence platform for dynamic competitive pricing, new product trends, design and testing, visual merchandising recommendation and product attribute enrichment. In Life Sciences, the TCS advanced drug discovery is being enhanced with literature insights, patient insights, safety case processing, and medical writing. TCS TwinX Digital twin-powered experimentation and zero-touch marketing operations CMOs. We continue to further deepen our expertise in Gen AI. This quarter, we launched a platform for skilled practitioners among TCS employees for exploration and experimentation on various Gen AI platforms. We are seeing strong interest levels and engagement from customers on Generative AI. Currently, we are working with several clients on improving customer contact centers. Example, assistance with intent analysis and recommendations, and employee assistance, for example, crew support, sales support, factory operations, HR policy support, and operation manuals, generating insights from legal contracts on construction design, et cetera on product marketing content generation or other key areas being explored. Further exploration in the form of POC is underway in several areas across the value chain. A leading European bank is employing Generative AI to bolster e-communication surveillance and compliance regulatory frameworks. The solution will enable realtime risk and anomaly detection and evaluate patterns and emotional tone of internal communication for potential issues. A leading US airline has partnered with us in expanding their loyalty program by reaching out to passionate marathoners, a nice breed -- a niche breed of endurance enthusiasts known to travel frequently and across the globe. The innovative concept leverages Generative AI to enable meaningful engagement with loyalty members for the event and offers them dynamically curated deals for future events. A global insurance company has selected TCS to develop a Generative AI application to assist analysts in the front office for its global wealth and asset management division. The solution leverages a suite of LLMs to provide comprehensive and easy-to-understand information from unstructured data sources related to world events, company updates, and portfolio composition. Services include summarizing earnings report review, industry and market trends, ratings, commentary, et cetera. We are engaged with clients for setting up Generative AI centers of excellence or AI offices and providing advisory services to scale proven use cases in controlled fashion. Coming to cloud technologies, the investment that companies have made or are making in transitioning to cloud have become more meaningful with time. The increasing demand for smart, interconnected devices, real-time insights and innovation will continue to drive the demand for scalable computing resources, making cloud transformation a strategic imperative. The focus now is also on finetuning strategies and optimizing consumption. Here are a few examples of how TCS continues to partner with clients in their cloud transformation journeys. Halfords, a UK-based retailer, was looking for ways to simplify the customer journey while making its products and services affordable. Taking a mobile-first cloud-first approach, the retailer collaborated with us to consolidate and migrate its critical applications to public cloud. Our client is all set for growth with this cloud transformation to deliver a customer-first experience that promises significant cost savings among other benefits. We implemented the core operation system covering crew management and operations control for Virgin Atlantic, a leading British airline. The program involved implementation of AMS Arrow product and integration of several mission-critical systems, Being the nerve center of airline operations, the implementation had to be 100% accurate to avoid any delay or cancellation of flights. The program will ensure better crew and on-time performance of Virgin Atlantic flights. We are continuing to see significant demand in areas like cloud migration and transformation apart from exuberance around Generative AI, all of which represent areas of great opportunity for the long-term.

