Q - Girish Pai {BIO 3936900 <GO>} Thanks for the opportunity. I want to go back to the Capco situation. You said that there was double-digit growth in order bookings in Capco. Can you tell us how material the order bookings are? Because for the quarter you talked about $3.8 billion kind of as order inflow, how much that would have come from Capco? And if you were to compare the order inflow for Capco in the December quarter, how does this compare with the all-time high order inflow number that Capco had postacquisition? That's my first question.
A - Thierry Delaporte {BIO 3491345 <GO>} So Girish, couple of comments. One, we are not necessarily commenting on specifics of every bricks of our organization, okay? So I'll -- keep that in mind. Second, I would say the performance of Capco is material for the organization, right? So in good and bad times, Capco is a key strategic part of our organization. It's the reality. Third, difficult to compare or have a meaningful comparison with when we acquired them, because between the day we acquired them and now Capco has grown tremendously. So it's a different business and certainly business has changed. So not necessarily able to relate to that. I think, let's put it that way. There has been a period where Capco has grown very rapidly and was driving growth for the entire organization. I mean, leading growth, I would say, because everybody was growing. Then in the time of slowdown, Capco has been a little more exposed. And today we are seeing Capco showing signs of bounce back.
Q - Girish Pai {BIO 3936900 <GO>} Okay, a couple of follow-up questions on Capco. Was the growth in order book broad-based across your various BFSI clients, or was it very specific to pockets within BFSI? That's question number one. Second question is, for $1 of consulting, what is the typical downstream dollars that you kind of get from Capco?
A - Thierry Delaporte {BIO 3491345 <GO>} That's -- so the first question -- for the first question, I would say is, the growth is broad-based, right? It's not like there's been a one-account bump or anything. It's broad-based, okay? So, your first question is -- here is my answer. The second one is, the pull -- what we call the pull-through, right? Consulting should lead to -- it's not always easy to track, but you can expect easily 5x to 6x the consulting business. That's what we are seeing with a lot of the projects we sign. And then the reason why I'm -- it's difficult to answer, Girish, is because there's an evolution of an account development strategy over time. And so, when you look at the cycle -- life cycle of an account development, there will be time where there will be a larger component of consulting. In some moment, there's going to be a smaller versus the different type of services. And that -- we are observing this, but the pullthrough is significant. That's for sure.
Q - Girish Pai {BIO 3936900 <GO>} Okay. Thank you.