Q - Dipesh Mehta {BIO 7406516 <GO>} Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. First about -- in your prepared remarks you indicated ENU, where demand remain healthy. But if I look over performance for the last couple of quarters, ENU remain weak, at least from a sequential growth perspective. And ENU where we've -- we used to have significant capability compared to some of our peers. So, if you can provide some sense about and most of your peers so far indicated, ENU is one of the resilient vertical from demand perspective. So, if you can provide some sense on -- how one should look demand trajectory for ENU vertical? And second is on manufacturing. Now, manufacturing remain weak for some time. And otherwise, manufacturing is showing a strong demand direction. So if you help us understand, steps you are taking to expand our capability landscape in manufacturing and how one should look at from a medium-term perspective? Thank you.
A - Thierry Delaporte {BIO 3491345 <GO>} Okay, understood. Thank you, Dipesh. So, I -- first of all, I always caution a little bit, any conclusion too rapidly drawn by looking at a Q-on-Q performance on a -- in a sector. Because sometimes it just happens that in an account or in a geography, one event is slightly impacting the picture. What I would say is, looking at ENU and manufacturing, so ENU is actually a reasonably good market. It's a place where you know there's significant investment, whether it's on the engineering side, on the IT side. A significant investment made on the AI gen -- GenAI as well. So that's a market where we are expecting to see growth for us. Manufacturing, you said it, it's been mixed over the last few quarters. But there is particularly, for example, if I look at automotive it is an area where there is significant investments. We are really making significant inroads in this industry, in particular, through our investments. Whether it's around the car cloud business, or whether it's on autonomous -- automation and so on. There's a lot that we've been doing and we will see growth over the next quarters for sure.
Q - Dipesh Mehta {BIO 7406516 <GO>} Still, I'm looking -- yes, sorry. I'm looking from a slightly medium-term perspective, let's say, manufacturing, if you look at from a size perspective, for us it is 6%, 7% of revenue. Now 6%, 7%, whether you believe it a reflective of the market opportunity or you think it to change over next three, five years? And if it is likely to change, which area we are investing to drive that change?
A - Thierry Delaporte {BIO 3491345 <GO>} You know, I -- you ask me now to look at the crystal ball, right? And tell you what's going to be the growth in the next four years in this industry? It's hard to tell. I can tell you that, I certainly want us to invest in the Energy and Utilities, as well as in the manufacturing sectors. Those are two key sectors for Wipro. And we have big ambitions. We are working with large clients and will continue to do so.
Q - Dipesh Mehta {BIO 7406516 <GO>} Thanks.