Q - Abhishek Kumar {BIO 19272643 <GO>} Hi, thanks for taking my question. Thierry, last few quarters, our growth has been challenged by some of the project cancellations, leakages, et cetera. Now, as you say, there are signs of stabilization. Is the leakage kind of reduced to a level where the incoming revenue from all the deals we have won has started to kind of exceed what is leaking out and, therefore, incrementally, there should be growth? Is that kind of right understanding?
A - Thierry Delaporte {BIO 3491345 <GO>} If we look at our performance on bookings, therefore, our ability to close deals in the market, it continues to be rather good. So the sales performance has never stopped to be pretty good, I mean, the performance for the last three quarters. And know -we know that through those performance in sales, in particular with significant volume of large deals, this will definitely increase our backlog for the quarters to come, okay? What was hurting our growth was the discretionary spend, so, typically, the smaller type of projects, but which in large volume was contributing to revenue growth. In this context, that's why you've seen that, indeed, we've not been able to show growth over the last quarters. We are seeing a little bit of a -- probably a significant, I would say -- and I don't know how to say it, either an end of the discretionary spend or actually a slight pickup of the discretionary spend. But that's where we are seeing a little bit of inversion of the trend, for sure.
Q - Abhishek Kumar {BIO 19272643 <GO>} Great. That's helpful. And maybe next question is on margin. Maybe on the medium term, we have done a tremendous job in protecting our margin despite kind of revenue erosion. So, as growth comes back, how are we looking at or how should we look at margins over the medium term? Should we go back to maybe pre-Capco kind of margin levels? Any color on the margin trajectory over the medium term would be very helpful. Thank you.
A - Thierry Delaporte {BIO 3491345 <GO>} I'll reflect a little bit on your question and then I'll ask Aparna to build on or to check this point more specifically. What I would say is that, for sure, it was important to us to show that through our actions around efficiency, productivity, automation, process improvements, all of that deep -- deep activity inside your organization. The objective was to build a certain level of resilience of our margin profile. And indeed, we have launched these actions a few years ago at a time where we didn't know the market would slow down. Actually, this market slowdown has been a proof point, that our resiliency has improved tremendously over the last quarters. Indeed, you say it, despite the slowdowns, despite the lack of growth, despite salary increase, you know MSI to our employees, we've been able to hold our margin. So it gives certainly a certain level of confidence that with the growth, we will be able to imagine expansion. Aparna?
A - Aparna C. Iyer Yeah. To just add to what you said, Thierry, that when the growth returns, obviously, you will see an uptick in the margins. But we also need to remind ourselves that we need to also invest for growth, and that will also remain a key agenda for us. There are areas of AI we need to continue to invest in our people, in processes. And therefore, yes, there is an expansion possible with returning growth, but with investments for growth.
Q - Abhishek Kumar {BIO 19272643 <GO>} Sure. Thank you, and good luck.
A - Thierry Delaporte {BIO 3491345 <GO>} Thank you.
A - Aparna C. Iyer Thank you.