Q - Moshe Katri {BIO 1504320 <GO>} Thank you. Thank you, and congrats on strong results. Happy new year. Thierry, two questions for you. There's clearly a lot of excitement and bullishness in the market about the prospects for the industry for the next six months, 12 months. From your perspective, looking at visibility and the pipeline, do you feel that we're headed towards that inflection point? Maybe you can talk about that. And then the second question is on Capco. Clearly, you have a very unique asset there. Maybe you can remind us, maybe talk about the metrics. The headcount of Capco, you said that the bookings were pretty strong. Talk a bit about the nature of the work and what sort of client conversations you're having when you're kind of pitching Capco. Thanks a lot.
A - Thierry Delaporte {BIO 3491345 <GO>} Moshe, thank you for your question. Let me try to address them. The first one is the outlook. So let me rephrase a little bit your comment on the outlook for the service industry. Here, let me tell you what I -- what we see. What we've seen is that, first of all, over the last few quarters, it has been a market unusually, I would say, slow and exposed to uncertainty. I mean, it was visible in some industries, in particular, financial services. We've seen it with banks reducing their spend -- discretionary spend in -- with technologies, who typically were significant technology spend before, and other industries as well. Let's be clear, Moshe. The market has not fundamentally changed in the last weeks. What we are seeing is, I would say, we are seeing green shoots. We are seeing a certain form of stabilization and in some ways some pickup in discretionary spend. That's what we are seeing. And I think we are trying to be cautious in our optimism because we want to continue to see more about it, right? And you know that typically in January, February, beginning of calendar year are the times where -- through our interactions with our clients, we get a better feel for what will be their budget and what will be their priorities. So what I would say is a little early to tell for the next year or the year soon to start for us. But I would say, a little bit of green shoots we've seen, hence ability to hit the top of the guidance. One element of measure of this improvement is coming from the performance of our consulting business and in particular of our Capco business. Precisely in this industry, financial services that has seen one of the most reduction in discretionary spend in the previous quarters. The performance of the team has been really solid in bookings during the quarter. That's why we report and share it with you openly. I was the first one to recognize that the choice of our strategic decision to invest in consulting was absolutely critical to our strategy, essential, key. But we also knew that those are the business that typically are the first one to slow down when there is a slowdown in the market. They are also usually among the first one to bounce back. And let's just say it's been a strong performance this quarter and it gives us good optimism for the quarters to come. You ask about, you know, type of business. I mean, Capco is more on the business side than it is on the IT side, but it's also on the IT side, right? That's the strength of Capco. And it's also because Capco have been working together with Wipro, with our clients. And therefore, it really goes from all advisory discussions, compliance, all the way to driving transformation, large-scale transformation to technology implementation, including AI, GenAI programs. So I hope I answered your question, Moshe.
Q - Moshe Katri {BIO 1504320 <GO>} Yes. Thank you very much.