technology
  1. We see lower traction for digital transformation programs and more activity for costs and efficiency programs and increasing interest in generative AI programs.
  2. We see that with our large deal wins, we continue to win market share and strengthen our position through our leading capabilities in helping clients with cost-efficiency automation programs and by leveraging generative AI, digital and cloud.
  3. We are seeing strong traction for generative AI programs, leveraging our Topaz capability.
  4. We've integrated our generative AI components into our service line portfolio, creating impact for our clients.
  5. We have 100,000 employees trained in generative AI areas.
  6. Some of these areas are related to client analytics, process optimization, sales, marketing, knowledge analysis, software development, self-service, and personalization.
  7. Our investment on industry cloud solutions and the energy transition combined with extreme focus on human experience have helped us differentiate, win multiple deals and build a strong pipeline.



energy
  1. We see strength in manufacturing, energy utilities and life sciences segments.
  2. Energy, utilities, resources, and services clients remain cautiously optimistic about the demand environment with a cap on short-term spend.
  3. In the energy segment, we are seeing market share gains due to consolidation.
  4. Our investment on industry cloud solutions and the energy transition combined with extreme focus on human experience have helped us differentiate, win multiple deals and build a strong pipeline.



healthcare
  1. We see strength in manufacturing, energy utilities and life sciences segments.



manufacturing
  1. We see strength in manufacturing, energy utilities and life sciences segments.
  2. We signed eight deals in manufacturing, six in FS, four in EURS, two each in retail and communication and one in others.
  3. Manufacturing segment continues to deliver strong performance on the back of new deal wins and ramp up of earlier large deals signed.



marketing
  1. Some of these areas are related to client analytics, process optimization, sales, marketing, knowledge analysis, software development, self-service, and personalization.



finance
  1. Some examples of the work we're doing in these areas, we are working with a large global bank to support them in their risk analysis program by using a large language model for them.



retail
  1. We are working with a global food supplier to personalize food experience for their customers and to make their operations efficient using artificial intelligence.
  2. We're working with a global retail company in defining their AI-first business transformation strategy.
  3. We signed eight deals in manufacturing, six in FS, four in EURS, two each in retail and communication and one in others.
  4. In the retail segment, cost takeouts and consolidation remain the primary focus for the clients.



communication
  1. We signed eight deals in manufacturing, six in FS, four in EURS, two each in retail and communication and one in others.