Q: Just wanted to understand over the course of last 9 to 12 months, the industry has been complaining about the leakage on the existing projects as well as non-extension of discretionary projects. Are you seeing any change on that front? That's question number one. The second question was with regards to the expansion in terms of captive centers, and we continue to see news flow on that front. Any comments from you on that front?
A: I think on the first part, our sense is in the last quarter, so in this Q3, we've not seen any change in the work on those projects that had essentially a similar type of a trajectory. On the captive centers, there, typically, we see that any time there's new sort of technology shifts, whether there was digital or cloud or generative AI, there's definitely more interest in some clients building out captives. Equally, as technologies age, we see some clients are looking to exit and especially to be more optimized. And we've seen that in several of our large deals, if you look back over the last several quarters. We've had these where, in addition to the transformation, we've taken on the task of optimizing pre-existing captives and so on. So, we don't see a change. It's just -- maybe it's that new technology moment where we see the activity. But we also see converse activity of things which were let's say, set up 5, 7, 10 years ago, which are going through that change or decline in that situation.
Q: And one last question from my end. We've been seeing our headcount reduced for the last several quarters. Any sense on how we should be thinking about the optimization on this front given the kind of deal wins that we've had in the last three quarters?
A: Yeah. So I think, I've mentioned that a couple of times, utilization is something where we have headroom. So, the decline in headcount really doesn't concern us too much. And both from availability of talent to ramp up, we have now -- have very strong off-campus program. This is something over the last three or four years, we've perfected post-COVID and that's really on tap without having to give out requests to colleges one year in advance. And, of course, from a lateral perspective, like I mentioned, with the market being soft, there is, of course, talent available even laterally. So, in that sense, we are very, very comfortable with any volume requirements and the ability to fulfill.