Q: just a question on the DSO number. I know we've already halved[ph] a bit on it. So -- but just wanted to take a bit of a feedback on -- we know this quarter was basically on the software side, both in terms of seasonality and probably furloughs being higher than the last year itself. But the overall demand environment that we are looking at, both, let's say, in terms of the cost takeout deals or the discretionary spends or basically the different verticals that we are looking at, is there any change in the overall demand environment that we are looking at from, let's say, three months ago, I mean, when we met for the second quarter results? And how do you see this playing out over the next couple of months as clients get into their budget cycle and any specific verticals or pockets that you might want to call?
A: So there, the thing that we've observed is, as we look at a large client base, the way clients are behaving in terms of spend, we've not seen a change in the way they're looking at it. So, we still see what we were discussing earlier on digital transformation programs being more impacted, where cost efficiency being much more in play. There is also more consolidation that we are seeing and that was coming through in the past quarter as well. And then there's a lot of interest and almost every conversation we have where generative AI is part of the mix. So, in that sense, I don't have a feel that this is -- there's a change that we are seeing. Now, this is also the start of the financial -- the calendar year. We will get a sense fairly quickly here how people -- how clients are looking at their spend. And as we come to the end of our financial year and as we plan for next year, that'll give us, let's say, more view into that spending pattern.
Q: And in terms of the deal flow, I mean, the deal wins that we had in the first half of the year were very rock solid deal wins. Any color on, let's say, some of those deals getting into execution mode driven by the conversation with your clients? How is the -- I mean, are we seeing incremental, some basically, let's say, intent from the clients on starting those deals which were maybe a bit delayed on that side? Or anything -- any color on that we have seen incrementally over the last three months?
A: So, there we've seen essentially in this last three-month cycle, the deal starting or ramping up being as we'd anticipated. So, nothing has changed in this three-month cycle. There are places in some of the large deals where there's need for incremental work, which is also starting to be visible, which will hopefully flow through. So, there has been no delay that we've seen. In fact, we've seen more of those on track in the last three months.