Q: Could you elaborate on what you've seen with client spending sentiment has been; A, on projects that have already been signed, let's say, in the nine -- last nine months or so on the cost takeout side; and B, on incremental signing of smaller projects because we can see our large projects where we don't have a visibility on how your small projects are doing?
A: So on the client spending, where clients have signed recently in the last three, six, nine months, that spending is going well, both on cost and other projects, incremental projects as you were describing. On things that were more in the past, that behavior on the cost has continued, and the incremental projects we have seen even in the past quarter some impact. But what has been signed recently, we see those proceeding as per what they have signed.
Q: And I mean, I think you've mentioned several times on the call that there seems to be delays in revenue recognition because of project re-prioritization. Is there a way of maybe estimating this for our benefit -- for investors' benefit, like, for example, how much of fiscal '23 or the last two years, total contract value or signings may have been impacted because of change in client priorities? Or alternatively, how much of the signings have been shrinking every quarter, there should be one back with new project signings for you to stay at the same place.
A: So we are not in a position to share that externally. We have a view on what we look at in terms of wins, execution and large deals internally. There are also other programs, some small, some mid sizes which go up and down. And so that whole internal competition is something which we work with. But it's not something which we have -- in the past are going, even today sharing externally.
Q: I wanted to color it as opposed to maybe a quantification.
A: I think at this stage, the outcome is what we have. We've not given any more on that in terms of color as well, Ankur.
Q: Maybe moving to margins, just one question. Obviously, this quarter, if I take out the impact of the ransomware incident, it appears that margins would have been up by 60 basis points. Is that right? Number one. Number two, if you could elaborate where we are on the various Project Maximus levers and where is the remaining support, let's say, over the next year or so?
A: So we've given the margin walk in the initial script, and quite clear about the one-offs, the salary, et cetera. From an overall Maximus, like I said, there are a lot of tracks which are currently in play. Utilization is one you're seeing, in fact, that's the biggest one, straight up in your metrics you can see that and how that's flowing into margins. There are other internal, of course, programs on the pyramid, a lot of work there onsite, offshore is the first time we've seen some positive movement after a lot of quarters. On automation and GenAI, a lot of work going on with GenAI coming in these additional sort of levers available to us more than the traditional automation which we used to do. Pricing has been much better. There's a lot of work happening on value-based selling and in fact, that's also reflected in overall RPP that we are seeing a much more stable pricing -- underlying pricing regime, and that's something which we are pushing on. So I think all the levers are in play. We have quarters where we are able to squeeze more and many new ideas, I think with Project Maximus, which have come into the fray as well looking at large programs and whether we can early on get into a margin improvement program rather than what was originally budgeted during the bid phase. So there's a lot of stuff happening, and I think we're already seeing the early results.
Q: A quick follow-up, if I can. There's some concern that some of the cost takeout contracts, one in the last nine months may drive some margin headwinds. Is that something that should impact on a portfolio basis next year?
A: That's something we've always talked about. We have a portfolio of contracts in the first, second, third, fourth, fifth years, right? So there are -- while new contracts come in, which are initially potentially at lower margins, at the same time, we have contracts which have been going into a steady state. Some of these questions were raised two, three years back in one of our segments as well. And you've seen the improvement in that segment, particularly over the period of time where it's nearly closer to the average margin for the company. So that's something which is -- something which we've really fine-tuned and mastered over the few years. So, in that sense, that's always built into our projections and forecasts.