Q: First question I have is demand by geography. Can you talk about pipeline and client spending plans across the US versus Europe, maybe also based on what you have in backlog. I'm curious if you think the recent trend of North America weakness being offset by solid Europe performance is likely to continue, or whether that may change as you go through fiscal '25.
A: On the geography, as you point out, we had good growth in Europe in Q3, weaker in North America outcome. In terms of pipeline, we don't share the pipeline split by geography. We do see our large deals that Nilanjan shared by geography, in good momentum, at least on the large deals on both US and European side, but we don't sort of specifically call out pipeline or outlook by geography within our business.
Q: Any reason that the current growth trajectory should change near term? Or should it remain somewhat consistent?
A: So there -- if you look at our guidance for the remaining -- for the full year, which is for the remaining quarter, it's for the entire business. And we don't have like a specific view that we share externally on the US or Europe there.
Q: Follow-up on the third-party items. So another uptick here, just I think, over 8% of revenue now. Can you talk about whether you expect third-party items to continue to rise as a mix of revenue or may this start to come down as you go forward and deal composition potential change? I'm just trying to think about sustainable level here as this has moved up meaningfully over the last couple of years.
A: So as we've talked about this before, as we are involved in larger transformation deal, longer-term transformation deals across the entire IT stack, infra, cyber, application development, data, I think many of these are bundled deals, which have software, hardware elements in it. And in a way, that's also giving us the benefit of taking these larger deals off the table. And at the same time, we are able to manage our margins as well. So we are able to navigate both the impact of this. So, we have no number in mind to say that this is where we target or this optimal level. As long as we are able to get incremental market share and get margins in line, which is what the program of Maximus is also about, I think we are comfortable with that.
Q: And just last one for you, just on the resourcing plans. Can you just give us a sense how you're thinking about resourcing plans near term? I know it was down again sequentially about 2%. I'm just curious if you've kind of reached a stabilization point.
A: So we still have a lot of headroom, and we've talked about it in fact the last two quarters that our utilizations are still quite low. We've operated at much higher utilization, 84, 85 and enough cost in the COVID years, maybe 87, 88. So that's one, and we are still below 84 as we speak. We also have on-tap demand fulfillment from our fresher model, so we can absorb freshers in very fast because we don't have to now just go for colleges and wait for the annual cycle. Now, we have a source of supply from off-campus as well. And with attrition slowing down, there is a lot of talent even from a lateral basis available across the country as well. So, I don't think that's a big concern for us.